NAME

      gcloud components - list, install, update, or remove Google Cloud SDK
         components or packages

SYNOPSIS

      gcloud components GROUP | COMMAND [GLOBAL-FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION

      List, install, update, or remove Google Cloud SDK components or packages.

      Because you might need only some of the tools in the Cloud SDK to do your
      work, you can control which tools are installed on your workstation. You
      can install new tools on your workstation when you find that you need
      them, and remove tools that you no longer need. The gcloud command
      regularly checks whether updates are available for the tools you already
      have installed, and gives you the opportunity to upgrade to the latest
      version.

      Tools can be installed as individual components or as preconfigured
      packages of components that are typically all used together to perform a
      particular task (such as developing a PHP application on App Engine).

      Certain components depend on other components. When you install a
      component that you need, all components upon which it directly or
      indirectly depends, and that are not already present on your workstation,
      are installed automatically. When you remove a component, all components
      that depend on the removed component are also removed.

GLOBAL FLAGS

      Run $ gcloud help for a description of flags available to all commands.

GROUPS

      GROUP is one of the following:

      repositories

         Manage additional component repositories for Trusted Tester programs.

COMMANDS

      COMMAND is one of the following:

      list

         List the status of all Cloud SDK components.

      reinstall

         Reinstall the Cloud SDK with the same components you have now.

      remove

         Remove one or more installed components.

      restore

         Restore the Cloud SDK installation to its previous state.

      update

         Update or install one or more Cloud SDK components or packages.

NOTES

      This command is in the Google Cloud SDK core component. See installing
      components if it is not installed.

