NAME

      gcloud config unset - erase Google Cloud SDK properties

SYNOPSIS

      gcloud config unset SECTION/PROPERTY [--scope SCOPE] [GLOBAL-FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION

      Unset a property to be as if it were never defined in the first place. You
      may optionally use the --scope flag to specify a configuration file to
      update.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS

      SECTION/PROPERTY

         The property to be unset. Note that SECTION/ is optional while
         referring to properties in the core section.

FLAGS

      --scope SCOPE

         The scope flag determines which configuration file is modified by this
         operation. The files are read (and take precedence) in the following
         order:

         workspace

            The workspace based configuration file is based on your current
            working directory. You can set project specific configuration here
            that will only take effect when working within that project's
            directory. You cannot set this value if you are not currently within
            a gcloud workspace. This will override all values from any other
            configuration files.

         user

            The user based configuration file applies only to the current user
            of the system. It will override any values from the installation
            configuration.

         installation

            The installation based configuration file applies to all users on
            the system that use this version of the Cloud SDK. If the SDK was
            installed by an administrator, you will need administrator rights to
            make changes to this file.

GLOBAL FLAGS

      Run $ gcloud help for a description of flags available to all commands.

EXAMPLES

      To unset the project property in the core section, run:

        $ gcloud config unset project

      To unset the zone property in the compute section, run:

        $ gcloud config unset compute/zone

NOTES

      This command is in the Google Cloud SDK core component. See installing
      components if it is not installed.

